🔧 (INT-2222, INT-2183, INT-1001, INT-2347)Update TPB Documentation (#1872)
LivePersonInc/developer-center: pages/Documents/ConversationalAI/Third-PartyBots/IBMWatsonAssistant/advanced-features.md

<img class="fancyimage" style="width:600px" src="img/watsonassistant/watson_richcontentevent-access-event.png" alt="">
Figure 3.9 Displaying how to access the Rich Content/Structured Content using Context Variables

##### Accessing the RichContentEvent Data via IBM Cloud Functions

The `RichContentEvent` is sent with the context. Thus, for Watson Assistant, we can leverage
the [IBM Cloud Functions](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/openwhisk?topic=openwhisk-getting-started)
for responding to the `RichContentEvent`. The `RichContentEvent` information is accessed via
[Context Variables](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/assistant?topic=assistant-dialog-runtime-context#dialog-runtime-context-variables).
The context variable that is sent by the Third-Party bot is `$lpEvent`.

We can use an [action](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/openwhisk?topic=openwhisk-actions_over)
cloud function to access the `RichContentEvent` data and attach this action as a webhook to
the IBM Watson Assistant instance.

> A minimal code of IBM Cloud Function of type `action` can be seen below. This LivePerson function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A code snippet of an IBM Cloud Function of type `action` can be seen below. This LivePerson function
```
